Spacetime revamp (#2880)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/observability-get-started.asciidoc

= Get started with Elastic Observability

++++
<titleabbrev>Get started</titleabbrev>
++++

Learn how to spin up a deployment of our hosted {ess} and use Elastic
Observability to gain deeper insight into the behavior of your applications and
systems.

The guides in this section describe how to:

image::images/get-started.svg[]

1. **Choose your source.** Elastic integrates with hundreds of data sources for
unified visibility across all your applications and systems.

2. **Ingest your data.** Turn-key integrations provide a repeatable workflow to
ingest data from all your sources: you install an integration, configure it, and
deploy an agent to collect your data.

3. **View your data.** Navigate seamlessly between Observabilty UIs and
dashboards to identify and resolve problems quickly.

4. **Customize.** Expand your deployment and add features like alerting and anomaly
detection.

[discrete]
== Get started now

Follow the steps in these guides to get started:

* <<logs-metrics-get-started,Get started with logs and metrics>>
* <<ingest-traces,Get started with application traces and APM>>
* <<splunk-get-started,Get started with data from Splunk>>

[discrete]
== Related content

> * {estc-welcome}/getting-started-guides.html[Welcome to Elastic] for new users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* {estc-welcome}/index.html[Starting with the {es} Platform and its Solutions] for new users
```
